In this video we are going to take a
look at implementing the vets JSON end
point. Let's come in here and take a
quick look at how it was implemented.
Here so if we look at the VetController,
a couple things they are hard mapping to
vets.html and then we're doing a
GetMapping of vets and then the
ResponseBody is what's going to parse
it to JSON or XML. What's interesting
here is that we have of vets object.
It literally called vets and
then we are adding a List to it.
What's going on is if we look at
Vets, they're doing some older
stuff as far as setting up an XML root
element and then adding an element for
this. We are going to be using just
JSON and we are not going to be using
the older JAXB stuff around that. So
a little bit simpler for what we're
going to be doing. The other thing I
don't like what they did here is I'm
doing the vets.html versus vets. I'd
like to do something a little bit
different there and we'll actually do an
api/vets and set it up that. So
I'm going to jump over to IntelliJ now.
Let's bring up our VetController.
And here, you can see here I kind of
broke it so if you go to any of these
URLs that's going to happen to do that
or it's going to break their
implementation of it. So let's come and
do public
and here I'm going to do a RequestMapping.
In this case let's say that we're
going to do /api/vets
and here I don't actually want return
back that. Let's do a
Set, Set of Vet like so.
In here we can do
ResponseBody
like so. So now, I just do return vetService.findAll like so. findAll is going
to return back a Set of vets and let's
toggle over to their implementation.
This ResponseBody basically says formatted
as a ResponseBody head. Exactly what
it says. So let's take a look at the
documentation on that. Indicates that it should
be bound to the web response body and
this is going to force it depending on your
runtime parameters of the request it's
going to either get parse it out to JSON
or XML. It can be configured either way.
Here by default is going to do JSON. So
let's go ahead and restart this.
I'm sending it again. I'm using the
api to simulate a Rest API and we're
just going to do that. I'm going to change
this to GetMapping as well. So any get
action against api/vets is going
to invoke this method. So let's come over
here to Chrome. And now if I come here
we can see that I get a JSON
ResponseBody. You could do test
this using Postman or Curl or something
like that. Here I'm just using a browser
for convenience. So we can see that I
am invoking that endpoint properly. Let's
just do a quick code review on this. So
I'm using GetMapping to limit this to
get requests. I'm mapping it to the
URL of api/vets. ResponseBody
is going to say I want this to be
formatted as JSON depending on the
request type. It's going to fall to to
JSON but I could also set up Spring to
render XML as well. But here we're going
to default out to JSON. Very simple
implementation. We're saying that we're
going to turn back a Set. VetService
returns back a Set of Vets and then
under the cover, Spring Framework is
going to be using Jackson to go ahead
and create the JSON for that. So this
completes this task so I'm going to go
ahead. Come over here.
That was number 75 and I will commit
this into GitHub
and close out that task.